<html>
<body>
  <h1>Gaisce</h1><br>
    <p>I did not complete Gaisce this year. This was due to me starting my community service aspect very late, and due to me not being consistent and habitual enough with my other activities.</p>
    <h2>Sport (Gym)</h2>
      <p>Gym was an obvious choice for my sport; the year of TY and senior rugby that I did involved gym work every Friday. I also went to my local gym. I went to the gym on average twice per week. I have gotten much stronger, which will definitely help me with rugby, GAA and soccer.</p>
    <h2>Community Service (Coaching in soccer)</h2>
      <p>My community service activity involved helping my brother's soccer coach out in his training sessions. My duties included laying out activities, taking warm-ups, and helping with the general organisation of training sessions.<br>Unfortunately, I did not complete 13 weeks of this activity due to a bizarre tendency to be very busy on Thursdays this year, as well as me starting very late in helping with training (I started in January).</p>
    <h2>Skill (Coding)</h2>
      <p>Coding was the activity that I nominated to be practicedevery week for 22 weeks. I thoroughly enjoyed coding, and learning how to build <a href = "/" target = "_blank">this website</a> was one of my greatest achievements this year.<br>I learned coding in HTML/CSS and JavaScript. HTML/CSS are languages whose purposes are exclusively for website design and development. JavaScript is a logic based language that can be used to aid HTML, but can also serve many other purposes outside of web developing.<br>Codecademy was the platform I used to learn these languages, their interactive interface made coding fun and motivating to learn.</p>
</body>
</html>
